{
	"results" : [
		{"id": 1, "firstName": "Jeremy", "lastName": "Likness", "bio" : "Jeremy Likness is an enterprise software architect, developer, and technical project manager. He is also a prolific blogger, speaker, and writer. He is the author of the books Building Windows 8 Apps with C# and XAML and Designing Silverlight Business Applications; co-author of Real World C#, .NET, and Silverlight; and author/presenter for the video series Fundamentals of the Managed Extensibility Framework (MEF). He was named Silverlight MVP of the Year in 2010 and received his fourth MVP award in 2013."},
		{"id": 2, "firstName": "Jeff", "lastName": "Prosise", "bio" : "Jeff Prosise makes his living writing apps for Microsoft platforms and teaching others how to do the same. With expertise in HTML5, Windows, and Windows Phone, he travels the world enlightening audiences about tools and techniques for creating rich apps. A former engineer who discovered after college that there’s more to life than computing loads on mounting brackets, today Jeff’s passion is for mobile development and the Microsoft Web stack. He works closely with Microsoft product teams in Redmond, WA, to track the latest advances in these technologies. Jeff has written nine books and hundreds of magazine articles, in addition to prolifically blogging about his latest adventures, passions, and discoveries in programming."}, 
		{"id": 3, "firstName": "Jeffrey", "lastName": "Richter", "bio" : "Jeffrey Richter is a co-founder of Wintellect and the author of several best-selling .NET Framework and Win32 programming books including CLR via C#, 4th Edition, Windows via C/C++, 5th Edition, Programming Server-Side Applications for Microsoft Windows 2000, and Windows 95: A Developer’s Guide. Jeffrey has also been a contributing editor to MSDN Magazine where he authored many feature articles and columns. Jeff has consulted with Microsoft's .NET Framework and Windows teams for many years."}, 
		{"id": 4, "firstName": "John", "lastName": "Robbins", "bio" : "John Robbins is a cofounder of Wintellect, where he heads up the consulting and debugging services side of the business. He also travels the world teaching his Mastering .NET Debugging and Mastering Windows Debugging courses so that developers everywhere can learn the techniques he uses to solve the nastiest software problems known to man. As one of the world's recognized authorities on debugging, John takes an evil delight in finding and fixing impossible bugs in other people's programs."}
	]
}